Modify rule S3260: Update rule to include file access modifier (#1798)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S3260/csharp/why.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

> Classes and records with either `private` or `file` access modifier aren't visible outside of their assemblies, so if they're not extended inside the assemblies or file, they should be made explicitly non-extensible with the addition of the `sealed` keyword.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Classes and records with either `private` or `file` access modifiers aren't visible outside of their assemblies or files, so if they're not extended inside their scope, they should be made explicitly non-extensible with the addition of the `sealed` keyword.
```
